okay everybody yeah this is just a video
to show you my jaw immolated driving
kitten that I've built inside this
dresser to cabinet so when I got the
redress a - that was neck at the game
boards didn't work and the the 29 inch
screens were faulty so I purchased a
coupler low 29 inch and 100 Hertz TVs
they're five bucks at the local market
and the beauty of these is they've got
scat plugs then in New Zealand here
nominee TVs have scat and European made
TV so picked up a couple of those and
scrape the tubes out and on the boards
and check them inside the cabinet they
fit really wrong and then just purchased
a couple of VGA - CGA converters from
online now 30 bucks each and so that's
sorted out the displays I'm running an
i7 on the left and they're just a
dual-core on the right now currently you
can only immolate network connectivity
and model two emulator so there's no
need to have a nice seven on the rain so
I probably will in the future in main
his network emulation or model 3 so on
the right hands right here it's just
model 2 games you just select through
the game with the joystick that I
installed and we might as well do
Daytona is an example
now one on the left here Scott um the i7
is mentioned before so it's got model
three games and it's also got MAME into
so more to its the data it so started so
down in the coin door of got the volumes
heading away
you
so I'm just exit out of these
turn the volume down so these steering
wheel and gear sexer just all the
redress or to stuff now there's no force
feedback it's not like a Daytona cabinet
and now so I just did a USB gamepad
analog hack to the to the steering
wheels and that's just by putting in
changing the pot size of the steering
the arcade steering wheel from 25k down
to 10k and it suited that the chip $10
game pads I bought at a local PC store
same with the pedals the pedals just
installed 14k pox on each pedal in it's
a USB hack it works really well and
speakers are in the back of the seats so
just a couple of PC speakers in there
and under the bum of the seat is the sub
so there's just a it's a $30 set of
genius speakers and sub and they come
with volume controls that fit nicely and
the coin door and and it works a treat
so this I do my builds on a budget so
this cabinet was given to me that cost
me nothing to TVs of 5 bucks each the
gamepad's or five or ten dollars each
the two sets of subs and speakers 30
bucks each
the pcs were just built with dated
hardware at the time so you know you
don't need to go out and buy the
fanciest equipment and play these games
and then probably a good four weeks of
putting it all together a few hours a
night um and she's all done so yeah
thanks for watching